QM IG updates from SANER and others (#152)
HL7/cqf-measures: input/pages/index.md

{:toc}

<div class="new-content" markdown="1">
<div class="note-to-balloters" markdown="1">
#### Note To Balloters

> 1.) If you have any examples of composite measures that use a subject other than patient please provide those so we can add them to this IG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We are seeking examples of non-patient subject composite measures for inclusion as examples in this implementation guide.
```

Author: Updated Note
